In my opinion this section is one of the most important topics for any software developer or engineer.
It also happens to be my favorite section of course no matter what company you work in where you live
or even if you're coding 10 years from now this is a concept that will be around for a long time and
something that will truly make you a better developer.
Big-O is something that I learned about two to three years into my career as a developer and it's so
important.
It has made me a better developer a better engineer and it will for you as well.
Big companies like Google Facebook Alibaba Amazon all know this which is why you won't get by any of
their interviews any of their phone interviews any of their screaming interviews without encountering
this topic.
So we're going to learn all about this very important topic and that's why it's at the beginning of
the course.
All right.
Did I grab your attention enough.
So what are we talking about here.
It's called Big O and the official term is Big O asymptomatic analysis.
If you want to sound super smart and impress your friends you see any coater.
Given enough time can solve a problem.
What matters is though how well the problem is solved.
And this is where big-O can help us.
It can tell us how well a problem is solved.
We're going to find out about what that means.
In this section we're going to talk about big-O what it is how we define it and then we're going to
use big-O and it's different notation to distinguish that code from good code good code from great code.
We are going to become comfortable with this topic that we are going to not be surprised when this comes
up in our interviews.
But we're also going to build this big foundation that is important to be a great developer.
The reason this topic is at the beginning of this course is that you will see this Big-O notation come
up again and again as we go into topics such as data structures and algorithms.
Like I said this is my favorite section.
So get ready because it's going to be a lot of fun.
See you in the next video.
Bob.